Add known limitation section for APCUPSD (#38792)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/apcupsd.markdown

The integration {% term polling polls %} data from your APC UPS Daemon every 60 seconds by default.

## Known limitations

> This integration does not provide the ability to control the UPSes such as running self-test, which can instead be done via `apctest` command thet [apcupsd](http://www.apcupsd.org/) provides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration does not allow you to control the UPS. For example, you cannot run a self-test. To run a self-test, use the `aptest` command provided by [apcupsd](http://www.apcupsd.org/).
```
Tiny rephrase. Please correct me if I misunderstood this.
